Inference - Add MiniMax M3 (#2958)
wandb/docs: inference/response-settings/reasoning.mdx

## Supported models with reasoning

The following table lists the models on Serverless Inference that can return reasoning output.
Some reasoning models don't provide a user option to disable reasoning. Other models allow the user to control reasoning output, with the default behavior when unspecified listed below.

> Adaptive models determine on a per-request basis whether to return reasoning output but allow the user to control output also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adaptive models determine on a per-request basis whether to return reasoning output, but allow the user to control output also.
```

> Adaptive models determine on a per-request basis whether to return reasoning output, but allow the user to control output also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the Serverless Inference models that can return reasoning output, and how each one behaves:

- **Always on:** The model always returns reasoning output. You can't disable it.
- **Enabled by default** / **Disabled by default:** You can turn reasoning output on or off. The table shows the default when you don't specify a setting.
- **Adaptive; model chooses by default:** The model decides per request whether to return reasoning output. You can override this.
```
